The goal is to be the first player to win all 54 cards. 
The deck is divided evenly, with each player receiving 27 cards, dealt one at a time, face down. 
Cards are ranked (2-10,J,Q,K,A,Jokers) from lowest to highest left to right.
If at any point in the game a player does not posses enough cards to continue:
   They lose.

// Player Turn Example... This does not take into account the possiblity of losing. jef
Turn the Top Card of your Deck Face Up. 
While Cards Facing Up is Less Than 2:
  Wait.
If face value of your card is less than theirs :
  They take cards place on the bottom of their deck.
Else if face value of your card is greater than theirs: 
  They take cards place on the bottom of your deck.
Else:
  While Cards Showing on top are equal:
    Player does the following 3 times:
      Player Plays a card face down.
    Player flips top face down card.
    If face value of your card is less than theirs :
      They take cards place on the bottom of their deck.
    Else if face value of your card is greater than theirs: 
      They take cards place on the bottom of your deck.

/*   The below is ok in simple sentences, but not complex enough to be step by step instructions. */

At the beginning of a round you and your opponent turns up a card
While the cards are equivalent: 
  it’s a war and both players do the following actions 3 times:
    player places the top card of their deck face down.
  Then:
    both players plays the top card of their deck face up.
  If your card ranks higher than your opponent:
    Take all the cards that are currently placed down and places them on the bottom of their deck.
  If your opponents card ranks higher than yours:
    Your opponent takes all the cards currently placed and places them on the bottom of their deck.
  If the shown cards are equivelant:
    Repeat the process of having a war.
If your card is higher than your opponent:
  Take both played cards and place it on the bottom of your deck
Else:
  Your opponet takes the card and places it on the bottom of their deck.
    Repeat for the next round
If one player has no cards to be played:
  They lose
(2-10,J,Q,K,A,Jokers) Ranked from lowest to highest left to right.
If both players run out of cards without a winner being declared:
  Play again.
Otherwise continue the game as usual.
If a player can't supply enoguh cards to continue the game:
  They lose.
The player with the higher card takes all cards, and so on. 
The game ends when one player has won all the cards.
Remember to have fun!

